that's important to people me a little
stank [ __ ] get the [ __ ] off of me [ __ ]
ain't [ __ ] there comes mr. P getting
[ __ ] taking too many famous and wasted
Tommy Candy's paid of [ __ ] ever get it
davey chopping up payments razor lift
[ __ ] your [ __ ] ain't [ __ ] ain't
nothing but another name to list shake
your [ __ ] on a stripper pole on a spit
don't let your little more recipients
know from a golden cup cuz I like it if
you get you opened up with loads of
nothing you naked kid [ __ ] I'm [ __ ]
excellent to watch yeah
[Music]
a lot of shootings in this area here
they shoot and run into different houses
we've been pretty lucky here where
people call and report that they see
this going on now and advise us where
people are going
[ __ ] get the [ __ ] off of me
[ __ ] ain't [ __ ]
[Music]
having pride in where you live and who
you are that's important to people